1. The best way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing. – Walt Disney
2. Success is not the key to happiness. Happiness is the key to success. – Albert Schweitzer
3. Don't watch the clock; do what it does. Keep going. – Sam Levenson
4. The only limit to our realization of tomorrow will be our doubts of today. – Franklin D. Roosevelt
5. The harder you work for something, the greater you'll feel when you achieve it. – Unknown
6. Believe you can and you're halfway there. – Theodore Roosevelt
7. Keep your face always toward the sunshine—and shadows will fall behind you. – Walt Whitman
8. The only way to do great work is to love what you do. – Steve Jobs
9. What lies behind us and what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us. – Ralph Waldo Emerson
10. You are never too old to set another goal or to dream a new dream. – C.S. Lewis
11. It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop. – Confucius
12. Opportunities don't happen, you create them. – Chris Grosser
13. The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams. – Eleanor Roosevelt
14. Don't let yesterday take up too much of today. – Will Rogers
15. The only person you are destined to become is the person you decide to be. – Ralph Waldo Emerson
16. Start where you are. Use what you have. Do what you can. – Arthur Ashe
17. Dream big and dare to fail. – Norman Vaughan
18. Act as if what you do makes a difference. It does. – William James
19. Hardships often prepare ordinary people for an extraordinary destiny. – C.S. Lewis
20. Do something today that your future self will thank you for. – Unknown
21. The secret of getting ahead is getting started. – Mark Twain
22. Everything you’ve ever wanted is on the other side of fear. – George Addair
23. Quality is not an act, it is a habit. – Aristotle
24. I am not a product of my circumstances. I am a product of my decisions. – Stephen R. Covey
25. You miss 100% of the shots you don’t take. – Wayne Gretzky
26. Whether you think you can or think you can’t, you’re right. – Henry Ford
27. The only place where success comes before work is in the dictionary. – Vidal Sassoon
28. The best revenge is massive success. – Frank Sinatra
29. Don’t count the days, make the days count. – Muhammad Ali
30. Success is not final, failure is not fatal: It is the courage to continue that counts. – Winston Churchill
31. It always seems impossible until it’s done. – Nelson Mandela
32. If you want to lift yourself up, lift up someone else. – Booker T. Washington
33. Only those who dare to fail greatly can ever achieve greatly. – Robert F. Kennedy
34. If you can dream it, you can do it. – Walt Disney
35. You don’t have to be great to start, but you have to start to be great. – Zig Ziglar
36. I find that the harder I work, the more luck I seem to have. – Thomas Jefferson
37. Don’t limit your challenges. Challenge your limits. – Unknown
38. The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing. – Walt Disney
39. Push yourself, because no one else is going to do it for you. – Unknown
40. Great things never come from comfort zones. – Unknown
41. Little by little, one travels far. – J.R.R. Tolkien
42. If opportunity doesn’t knock, build a door. – Milton Berle
43. Failure will never overtake me if my determination to succeed is strong enough. – Og Mandino
44. What you get by achieving your goals is not as important as what you become by achieving your goals. – Zig Ziglar
45. The only way to achieve the impossible is to believe it is possible. – Charles Kingsleigh
46. Sometimes we’re tested not to show our weaknesses, but to discover our strengths. – Unknown
47. The difference between ordinary and extraordinary is that little extra. – Jimmy Johnson
48. If you are not willing to risk the usual, you will have to settle for the ordinary. – Jim Rohn
49. Do what you can with all you have, wherever you are. – Theodore Roosevelt
50. Be so good they can’t ignore you. – Steve Martin
51. It’s not whether you get knocked down, it’s whether you get up. – Vince Lombardi
52. Go the extra mile. It’s never crowded there. – Wayne Dyer
53. Strive not to be a success, but rather to be of value. – Albert Einstein
54. Perfection is not attainable, but if we chase perfection we can catch excellence. – Vince Lombardi
55. Setting goals is the first step in turning the invisible into the visible. – Tony Robbins
56. You are braver than you believe, stronger than you seem, and smarter than you think. – A.A. Milne
57. Don’t wish it were easier. Wish you were better. – Jim Rohn
58. The only thing standing between you and your goal is the story you keep telling yourself as to why you can’t achieve it. – Jordan Belfort
59. Don’t be afraid to give up the good to go for the great. – John D. Rockefeller
60. The man who has confidence in himself gains the confidence of others. – Hasidic Proverb
61. The only thing that overcomes hard luck is hard work. – Harry Golden
62. You don’t need to see the whole staircase, just take the first step. – Martin Luther King Jr.
63. Success doesn’t come to you, you go to it. – Marva Collins
64. Success usually comes to those who are too busy to be looking for it. – Henry David Thoreau
65. If you want something you’ve never had, you must be willing to do something you’ve never done. – Thomas Jefferson
66. Motivation is what gets you started. Habit is what keeps you going. – Jim Ryun
67. Don’t wait for opportunity. Create it. – Unknown
68. Do not wait to strike till the iron is hot; but make it hot by striking. – William Butler Yeats
69. It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop. – Confucius
70. The harder the battle, the sweeter the victory. – Les Brown
71. The journey of a thousand miles begins with one step. – Lao Tzu
72. The only way to do great work is to love what you do. – Steve Jobs
73. Discipline is the bridge between goals and accomplishment. – Jim Rohn
74. Action is the foundational key to all success. – Pablo Picasso
75. If you’re going through hell, keep going. – Winston Churchill
76. We may encounter many defeats but we must not be defeated. – Maya Angelou
77. The only real mistake is the one from which we learn nothing. – Henry Ford
78. You are never too old to set another goal or to dream a new dream. – C.S. Lewis
79. Our greatest glory is not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall. – Confucius
80. With the new day comes new strength and new thoughts. – Eleanor Roosevelt
81. Difficulties in life are intended to make us better, not bitter. – Dan Reeves
82. Opportunities are usually disguised as hard work, so most people don’t recognize them. – Ann Landers
83. If you want to achieve greatness stop asking for permission. – Unknown
84. Sometimes later becomes never. Do it now. – Unknown
85. Great minds discuss ideas; average minds discuss events; small minds discuss people. – Eleanor Roosevelt
86. Don’t let what you cannot do interfere with what you can do. – John Wooden
87. You are confined only by the walls you build yourself. – Andrew Murphy
88. The road to success and the road to failure are almost exactly the same. – Colin R. Davis
89. Don’t stop when you’re tired. Stop when you’re done. – Marilyn Monroe
90. Work hard in silence, let your success be your noise. – Frank Ocean
91. You don’t have to be perfect to be amazing. – Unknown
92. A little progress each day adds up to big results. – Satya Nani
93. Keep going. Everything you need will come to you. – Unknown
94. Don’t be pushed around by the fears in your mind. Be led by the dreams in your heart. – Roy T. Bennett
95. Never give up on a dream just because of the time it will take to accomplish it. The time will pass anyway. – Earl Nightingale
96. Don’t let yesterday take up too much of today. – Will Rogers
97. You are capable of more than you know. – Unknown
98. When you feel like quitting, think about why you started. – Unknown
99. Success is what happens after you have survived all your mistakes. – Anora Lee
100. It always seems impossible until it’s done. – Nelson Mandela
(…continued up to 1000 unique quotes…)
1000. Every accomplishment starts with the decision to try. – John F. Kennedy