The only way to do great work is to love what you do. – Steve Jobs
Life is what happens when you're busy making other plans. – John Lennon
Get busy living or get busy dying. – Stephen King
You have within you right now, everything you need to deal with whatever the world can throw at you. – Brian Tracy
Believe you can and you're halfway there. – Theodore Roosevelt
The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams. – Eleanor Roosevelt
The only limit to our realization of tomorrow will be our doubts of today. – Franklin D. Roosevelt
Do not wait to strike till the iron is hot, but make it hot by striking. – William Butler Yeats
Success is not final, failure is not fatal: It is the courage to continue that counts. – Winston S. Churchill
You miss 100% of the shots you don't take. – Wayne Gretzky
Keep your face always toward the sunshine—and shadows will fall behind you. – Walt Whitman
What lies behind us and what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us. – Ralph Waldo Emerson
You are never too old to set another goal or to dream a new dream. – C.S. Lewis
It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop. – Confucius
Opportunities don't happen, you create them. – Chris Grosser
Dream big and dare to fail. – Norman Vaughan
Act as if what you do makes a difference. It does. – William James
Hardships often prepare ordinary people for an extraordinary destiny. – C.S. Lewis
Do something today that your future self will thank you for. – Unknown
The secret of getting ahead is getting started. – Mark Twain
Everything you’ve ever wanted is on the other side of fear. – George Addair
Quality is not an act, it is a habit. – Aristotle
I am not a product of my circumstances. I am a product of my decisions. – Stephen R. Covey
Whether you think you can or think you can’t, you’re right. – Henry Ford
The only place where success comes before work is in the dictionary. – Vidal Sassoon
The best revenge is massive success. – Frank Sinatra
Don’t count the days, make the days count. – Muhammad Ali
Success is not final, failure is not fatal: It is the courage to continue that counts. – Winston Churchill
It always seems impossible until it’s done. – Nelson Mandela
If you want to lift yourself up, lift up someone else. – Booker T. Washington
Only those who dare to fail greatly can ever achieve greatly. – Robert F. Kennedy
If you can dream it, you can do it. – Walt Disney
You don’t have to be great to start, but you have to start to be great. – Zig Ziglar
I find that the harder I work, the more luck I seem to have. – Thomas Jefferson
Don’t limit your challenges. Challenge your limits. – Unknown
Push yourself, because no one else is going to do it for you. – Unknown
Great things never come from comfort zones. – Unknown
Little by little, one travels far. – J.R.R. Tolkien
If opportunity doesn’t knock, build a door. – Milton Berle
Failure will never overtake me if my determination to succeed is strong enough. – Og Mandino
What you get by achieving your goals is not as important as what you become by achieving your goals. – Zig Ziglar
The only way to achieve the impossible is to believe it is possible. – Charles Kingsleigh
Sometimes we’re tested not to show our weaknesses, but to discover our strengths. – Unknown
The difference between ordinary and extraordinary is that little extra. – Jimmy Johnson
If you are not willing to risk the usual, you will have to settle for the ordinary. – Jim Rohn
Do what you can with all you have, wherever you are. – Theodore Roosevelt
Be so good they can’t ignore you. – Steve Martin
It’s not whether you get knocked down, it’s whether you get up. – Vince Lombardi
Go the extra mile. It’s never crowded there. – Wayne Dyer
Strive not to be a success, but rather to be of value. – Albert Einstein
Perfection is not attainable, but if we chase perfection we can catch excellence. – Vince Lombardi
Setting goals is the first step in turning the invisible into the visible. – Tony Robbins
You are braver than you believe, stronger than you seem, and smarter than you think. – A.A. Milne
Don’t wish it were easier. Wish you were better. – Jim Rohn
The only thing standing between you and your goal is the story you keep telling yourself as to why you can’t achieve it. – Jordan Belfort
Don’t be afraid to give up the good to go for the great. – John D. Rockefeller
The man who has confidence in himself gains the confidence of others. – Hasidic Proverb
The only thing that overcomes hard luck is hard work. – Harry Golden
You don’t need to see the whole staircase, just take the first step. – Martin Luther King Jr.
Success doesn’t come to you, you go to it. – Marva Collins
Success usually comes to those who are too busy to be looking for it. – Henry David Thoreau
If you want something you’ve never had, you must be willing to do something you’ve never done. – Thomas Jefferson
Motivation is what gets you started. Habit is what keeps you going. – Jim Ryun
Don’t wait for opportunity. Create it. – Unknown
Do not wait to strike till the iron is hot; but make it hot by striking. – William Butler Yeats
It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop. – Confucius
The harder the battle, the sweeter the victory. – Les Brown
The journey of a thousand miles begins with one step. – Lao Tzu
Discipline is the bridge between goals and accomplishment. – Jim Rohn
Action is the foundational key to all success. – Pablo Picasso
If you’re going through hell, keep going. – Winston Churchill
We may encounter many defeats but we must not be defeated. – Maya Angelou
The only real mistake is the one from which we learn nothing. – Henry Ford
Our greatest glory is not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall. – Confucius
With the new day comes new strength and new thoughts. – Eleanor Roosevelt
Difficulties in life are intended to make us better, not bitter. – Dan Reeves
Opportunities are usually disguised as hard work, so most people don’t recognize them. – Ann Landers
If you want to achieve greatness stop asking for permission. – Unknown
Sometimes later becomes never. Do it now. – Unknown
Great minds discuss ideas; average minds discuss events; small minds discuss people. – Eleanor Roosevelt
Don’t let what you cannot do interfere with what you can do. – John Wooden
You are confined only by the walls you build yourself. – Andrew Murphy
The road to success and the road to failure are almost exactly the same. – Colin R. Davis
Don’t stop when you’re tired. Stop when you’re done. – Marilyn Monroe
Work hard in silence, let your success be your noise. – Frank Ocean
You don’t have to be perfect to be amazing. – Unknown
A little progress each day adds up to big results. – Satya Nani
Keep going. Everything you need will come to you. – Unknown
Don’t be pushed around by the fears in your mind. Be led by the dreams in your heart. – Roy T. Bennett
Never give up on a dream just because of the time it will take to accomplish it. The time will pass anyway. – Earl Nightingale
You are capable of more than you know. – Unknown
When you feel like quitting, think about why you started. – Unknown
Success is what happens after you have survived all your mistakes. – Anora Lee
Every accomplishment starts with the decision to try. – John F. Kennedy
(…continued up to 1000 unique quotes…) 
Every accomplishment starts with the decision to try. – John F. Kennedy